Gallery update for 1.0 (#655)
aragon/aragon-ui: src/components/Split/README.md

# Split

> `Split` creates a two column layout when the available horizontal space makes it possible. If not it renders as a single column. Its slots generally contain components like `Box` or `DataView`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Split` creates a two column layout when the available horizontal space makes it possible. If not, it renders as a single column. Its slots generally contain components like `Box` or `DataView`.
```

## Usage

```jsx
import { Box, DataView, Main, Split } from '@aragon/ui'

function App() {
  return (
    <Main>
      <Split
        primary={<DataView />}
        secondary={<Box heading="Secondary">Secondary content</Box>}
      />
    </Main>
  )
}
```

## Props

### `primary`

| Type         | Default value |
| ------------ | ------------- |
| `React node` | None          |

> In two columns mode, it is the largest part, that appears on the left (for left-to-right languages), or the right if `invert` is set to `horizontal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In two columns mode, this takes the wider space. It appears on the left (for left-to-right languages) or the right if `invert` is set to `horizontal`.
```

In single column mode, it appears above the `secondary` slot, or below if `invert` is set to `vertical`.

### `secondary`

| Type         | Default value |
| ------------ | ------------- |
| `React node` | None          |

> In two columns mode, it is the narrowest part, that appears on the right (for left to right languages), or the left if `invert` is set to `horizontal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In two columns mode, this is the narrower part. It appears on the right (for left to right languages) or the left if `invert` is set to `horizontal`.
```
